we just fire off
the scripts back to
back. This is again,
the importance of having
isolated reusable scripts. We're
using astral UV to
accomplish this. You can
use anything you want,
classic shell scripts, bun
scripts, whatever you wanna
do, but you just
need to make sure
that these are isolated
in their own, you
know, separate Agentic layer
in your codebase,
right? And this is
what the ADW directory
does for us. Of
course, you can see
a couple of different
modules. We've broken things
down a little bit
more. We've added ADW
tests, right? So while
we're building this out,
we of course have
some tests. We're getting
really meta now. Ultimately,